Add Points section - TEDU 129 (#112)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/points/points.rst

**Modify Contact’s tags** - Add or remove any tags on the Contact record. If a tag doesn't exist, you may create a new one in the edit window for this event.

Add-on triggers
===============

**Push Contact to Integration** - To only push Contacts to an Integration after hitting a minimum point total, use this option. You must have the **Triggered action push Contacts to Integration** option selected in the Integration. After selecting this event, the system displays a dialog box where you can choose which Integration to push the Contact to. For example, if your definition of a Marketing Qualified Lead (MQL) is based on point values, you may decide to only push contacts who are MQLs to your CRM. Once a Contact meets the Points requirement to be an MQL, use this action to push the Contact to your CRM.

.. note:: 

    The Push Contact to Integration action isn't supported with the Salesforce Plugin.

Email triggers
==============

**Send an Email** - Send a template Email to the Contact based on their engagement. This may be some sort of special offer, congratulations, etc.

.. image:: images/send-an-email-to-user.png

>     :alt: Screenshot of Send an Email to user Email trigger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :alt: Screenshot of Send an Email to User Email trigger
```

> **Send an Email to user** - Tell a team member that a Contact has reached a minimum number of Points. There is an option in this event to send the Email to the Contact’s owner. You may either write a basic Email in the editor, or use a template Email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Send an Email to User** - Tell a team member that a Contact has reached a minimum number of Points. There is an option in this event to send the Email to the Contact's owner. You may either write a basic Email in the editor, or use a template Email.
```

Reviewer: Also these bullet points look visually strange, with a grey background:

![screenshot-favourchibu-userdocumen-uc1777detgv ws-eu78 gitpod io-2022 12 09-11_01_53](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2930593/206688156-f9557912-3732-4ea4-b8e1-271caff1a55f.png)

Points
######

.. vale on

> Points provide a way for properly weighing Contacts. These Points have both triggers and actions. Each term is properly defined and a thorough understanding of how Points function ensures that your overall marketing automation process is successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Points provide a way for properly weighing Contacts. These Points have both triggers and actions. Each term is defined below, and a thorough understanding of how Points function ensures that your overall marketing automation process is successful.
```

Point actions
*************

> Point actions are those times when a Contact receives a change in their point total. These actions can be either positive or negative point changes and are based on a particular action as you determine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Point actions are those times when a Contact receives a change in their Point total. These actions can be either positive or negative Point changes and occur based on a particular action as you determine.
```

To add a new action:

1. Click **Points > Point Actions > + New** (top right corner).

.. image:: images/points-action.png
    :alt: Screenshot of Points action

2. In the main panel, there are four boxes for key information. Enter the appropriate information.

   * **Name** - The name of your action. This is how the action displays in your list of actions, so choose an identifiable name.

   * **Description** - Add a description to help you find certain actions. There may be more actions which are similar or more in-depth.

   * **Change Points (+/-)** - The value change to set for the action. The ``+`` isn't necessary when adding Points. When subtracting Points, add the ``-`` symbol.

>    * **When a Contact…** - This is the behavior or action the Contact must complete to receive the Points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **When a Contact…** - This is the behavior or action the Contact must complete for the action to be triggered.
```

Reviewer: We don't want to assume that points are being added, as they can equally be subtracted.

Author: Got it

3. On the right side of the page is more information:

>    * **Category** - Organize your point actions based on their goals, Campaigns, etc. For more information, see :doc:`Categories</categories/categories-overview>`. All Points accumulate on a Contact record, regardless of Category. There is one score or Points model for each Contact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Category** - Organize your Point actions based on their goals, Campaigns, etc. For more information, see :doc:`Categories</categories/categories-overview>`. All Points accumulate on a Contact record, regardless of Category. There is one Points score for each Contact.
```

    :alt: Screenshot of Points trigger

Creating Point Triggers is like creating Point Actions. The **Name**, **Description**, **Category**, and **Publish** options are all the same. The trigger is based on the Minimum number of Points. Set a number and decide if you want to **Trigger for existing applicable Contacts upon saving (if published)**. 

Once you have decided and entered those options, go to the **Events** tab. Here, you can trigger one or more events once a Contact has reached your predetermined point total. These point triggers and associated events are also fully customizable.

.. image:: images/trigger-events.png
    :alt: Screenshot of Points trigger events

Campaign triggers
=================

**Modify Contact’s Campaigns** - Add a Contact to or remove a Contact from any Campaigns you have published.

Contact triggers
================

**Modify Contact’s Segments** - Add a Contact to or remove a Contact from any Segments you have published.

**Modify Contact’s tags** - Add or remove any tags on the Contact record. If a tag doesn't exist, you may create a new one in the edit window for this event.

Add-on triggers
===============

> **Push Contact to Integration** - To only push Contacts to an Integration after hitting a minimum point total, use this option. You must have the **Triggered action push Contacts to Integration** option selected in the Integration. After selecting this event, the system displays a dialog box where you can choose which Integration to push the Contact to. For example, if your definition of MQL is based on point values, you may hold non-MQLs out of your CRM. Once a Contact meets the Points requirement to be an MQL, push the Contact to your CRM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Push Contact to Integration** - To only push Contacts to an Integration after hitting a minimum point total, use this option. You must have the **Triggered action push Contacts to Integration** option selected in the Integration. After selecting this event, the system displays a dialog box where you can choose which Integration to push the Contact to. For example, if your definition of a Marketing Qualified Lead (MQL) is based on point values, you may decide to only push contacts who are MQLs to your CRM. Once a Contact meets the Points requirement to be an MQL, use this action to push the Contact to your CRM.
```
